Adding runtimes and "pinning" versions (#67)
owkin/fedeca: README.md

conda create -n fedeca python=3.9
conda activate fedeca
```

> This should take under 20 seconds with a reasonably good connexion.

Author: ```suggestion
Creating the conda environment should take under 20 seconds on a modern computer with a reasonably good internet connexion (see below for details).  
```

Within the environment, install the package by running:

```
git clone https://github.com/owkin/fedeca.git
cd fedeca
pip install -e ".[all_extra]"
```

> The cloning should take less than 5 seconds and the pip install

Author: ```suggestion
The cloning itself should take less than 5 seconds and the pip install
```

This will run all the pre-commit hooks at each commit, ensuring a clean repo.

All estimated runtimes computations use as reference machine a Mac M3 Pro with 18G of RAM

> and an internet connexion at 120Mbps as measured by fast.com.

Author: ```suggestion
and an internet connexion with a speed of 120Mbps (as measured by fast.com).
```

## Quickstart

Go [here](./quickstart/quickstart.md).

Copy-pasting all cells of the tutorial into a regular python script gives a runtime of approximately 1 minute,

> with less than 2 seconds spent on each run of the FedECA algorithm in-RAM.

Author: ```suggestion
with less than 2 seconds spent on each run of the FedECA algorithm in-RAM (using the same Mac M3 Pro as a reference).
```
